feat: Support private OCI registry via credentials Secret (#2480)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/03-config-private-registry.md

## Procedure

> ### Prepare a Docker Registry Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The procedure is named in the main title, so I think we can skip this heading.

1. Create a Docker Registry Secret resource definition:

   ```sh
   kubectl create secret docker-registry [secret name] --docker-server=[your oci registry host] --docker-username=[username] --docker-password=[password/token]  --dry-run=client -oyaml > registry_cred_secret.yaml
   ```

> 2. Adapt the Deployment of lifecycle-manager (KLM). Use the flag `--oci-registry-cred-secret` together with the value of your Secret name, to ensure that the private OCI registry is used. For example, if your Secret is named `my-private-oci-reg-creds`, your lifecycle-manager Deployment should contain the following container argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adapt the Deployment of Lifecycle Manager (KLM). Use the flag `--oci-registry-cred-secret` together with the value of your Secret name to ensure that the private OCI registry is used. For example, if your Secret is named `my-private-oci-reg-creds`, your Lifecycle Manager Deployment must contain the following container argument:
```

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: apps/v1
   kind: Deployment
   metadata:
     name: klm-controller-manager
     namespace: kcp-system
   spec:
     template:
       containers:
       - args:
         - oci-registry-cred-secret=my-private-oci-reg-creds
   ```

> 3. Deploy the Secret on the same cluster where KLM is deployed, so it should usually be deployed to the `kcp-system` namespace on the KCP cluster:s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Deploy the Secret in the same cluster where KLM is deployed. Usually, it is the `kcp-system` namespace in the KCP cluster.
```
